TODO:
- make project GIFs into videos, better compression and they look better
- Make the images on the front page snap into position following a random path
- Add a now page
- maybe remove the chapter headers from blog posts where the table of contents doesn't exist?

Apr 21, 2024: Removed the <hr> at the end of each blog post before the tags. Looks fine to me now, maybe I'll change my mind.
Mar 13, 2024: Thanks to Vimal I realized that although subheaders using the id="" tag are faithfully rendered on a new tab page, they are not when you hard reload it, and this is because some resources are zero-height before they load. This is what causes the shifting in the page when you hard reload it. Today I added table of contents for H2 as well as H1, somewhere in prerender_jinja we have to add the id tag to all the h2 objects we find.
Feb 12, 2024 - fixed blog post length text bleeding over the div, thanks to https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2062258/floating-elements-within-a-div-floats-outside-of-div-why
Feb 7, 2024 - Added width option to add_pic jinja function. It only works when we're also centering, but we're almost always doing that.
Feb 5, 2024  - Increased word spacing by 0.035em. I think it's barely visible but it does help. I could be psyopping myself though.
Feb 2, 2024 - app.py refresh clears everything on refresh :( I added a "confirm refresh" to the refresh but I think it may still happen in the future.
Jan 26, 2024 - Not sure how to add a TOC (table of contents), I think it's hard to access the page filename from the page itself. p or page in a blog page returns <class 'jinja2.runtime.Undefined'>. Gonna just do it the brute force way.
Jan 25, 2024 - Added side border to h1 and h2 like Alexey, added counters to each page. Counters will probably mess up some older posts though... Also made the font colors a bit lighter.
Jan 15, 2024 - removed trailing slash (hopefully) from URLs to keep them unique online but they still work (hopefully). Also turned rss+xml to just xml in the rss renderer. Removed trailing slash from the sitemap.xml too using jinja string slicing in the template file. This is not graceful. Added blog word length to the main page by adding a meta param. Removed some CLS by changing the font-display to auto.
Jan 11, 2024 - added blog bubbles instead of <hr> between each one. Reading is a bit easier. Also went through and changed a bunch of names of old blog posts. I noticed the recent blog posts have much less "raw" titles, which actually makes them less informative.
Jan 10, 2024 - fixed blog gui to also leave </a> in addition to <a>, so now Cmd+K works for links.
Jan 9, 2024 - Realized I couldn't Shift+Click projects because I used some hacky onclick stuff to make the div into a link. I fixed this by stealing Mitxela's <a> css code for their portfolio — replaced divs with spans, put them inside the <a>. The HTML code is a bit neater now. Also added a bit of a footer space to the projects and blogs page because we need the breathing room.
Jan 8, 2024 - Adding stroop project. Gave projects the same h1 h2 header coloring as the blogs, helps readability imo.
Jan 1, 2024 - GUI removed all NBSPs, and added ability to do Ctrl+K for the links in the GUI without them getting removed. Images are still getting dropped when I copy+paste them tho.
Dec 23, 2023 - slightly updated front page's headshot rendering stuff. Also added other NBSP removal string.
Dec 18, 2023 - encountering some issue with running newblogGUI.sh, it appears to be in the wrong directory so it can't properly generate a markdown file
Dec 1, 2023 - Added lazy loading to the blog posts so they load faster.
Nov 30, 2023 - added sitemap and auto-sitemap-uploading to Google. My blog pages weren't indexing before :(
Nov 25, 2023 - Sitting in C.Muller's room, finished adding the CKEditor page, plenty of jankness in there. Essentially, text is taken via the GUI, re-parsed into the .md format we've been using before, then the images are moved into a new folder in static/ and the post is moved into pages/blog.
November 19, 2023 - China to Munich flight, sitting whole-row thanks to Michael. Adding CKEditor page to make it easier to write blog posts
Sept 19, 2023 - added rounded corners and some more padding on my main headshot image. Our projects page looks really shit, the images are always taking up the whole width and we can't round the corners because of this overlay stuff.
May 31, 2022 - No longer in Direct Doctorate, looking for a job now. Probably just gonna go with Karan. Hope I figure out another alternative. Finished Meiger and added custom titles to each page. We may have missed a few though, forgive me and fix them.
November 25, 2022 - Downloaded the jquery and other stuff at the bottom so it loads locally. Thank you Jeff Huang @ Brown. Also added goatcounter analytics to try it out. Also realized the font-awesome pack is actually downloading the sprites from the website even though I'm hosting the .js file. Need to move away from that
October 13, 2022 - Added image max width to projects page, also made H1 and H2 a darker color on blog posts. Also removed margin-top of 1em from all h1 h2 in blogs, just added it to the first one. Also on blog posts page, I made all the text a brighter color that darkens when hovered. Also I rearranged the title/snippet/date etxt so the date is now inline with everything on the right.
October 4, 2022 - Fixed how images are sized on blog posts, hopefully for the last time. Making great use of the max-width and max-height features, constraining them to be no bigger than 1/4 of the screen at any point. Should do this to projects page as well.
July 14, 2022 - Excited for L to get here. Uploaded Igneous, in the process made a YouTube video CSS tag, a Youtube container tag, fixed how images are sized on projects for mobile and web, and re-centered the projects images. Also made images center by default, which could bring problems. Keep an eye out.
June 27, 2022 - Added image centering for the front page by adding display:flex and justify-content: center to the "hovercontent" CSS class. Gonna have to resize some of the images. Also rounded the captions on the main page. Also added more elastic animations to the front page. Also made it so projects on the front page won't show up if they're from the future.
June 25, 2022 - Started work at Google, still writing proposal and we're on week 4. Time flies! Added picture previews to Sublime by modifying a plugin.
April 22, 2022 - Graduating from college in 3 weeks. Added a jinja pre-processor to add pictures to the website more easily
Feb 5, 2022 - Changed blog sidebar picture
Jane 9, 2022 - Howdy, where do I start. Fixed tags at the bottom of blog pages overlapping. Removed about sidebar from blog posts, removed the container too so there's no weird shadow thing (Added noaboutsidebar.html). Removed shadow from blogmain too, and fixed sizing across the whole blog. Removed excess horizontal space so there's no scrollbar, changed navbar collapse breakpoint from lg to md. Added padding and readjusted so it all looks good on mobile and all sizes of the desktop. Let's send it!
Jan 6, 22 - Removed extra words from the tags at bottom of the screen, also gave them little surrounding buttons. Added space before h1 in all blog posts (maybe I should also do it across the whole site too?). Lots of inlining of JS and CSS resources. 
Jan 3, 2022 - HNYE. Removed tags from blogmain, added to individual pages. 
Dec 7, 2021 - Fixed tag pages with uppercase tags to also use pages with lowercase tags. - ITS NOT FIXED YET, NEED TO MIGRATE TO DYNAMIC SITE or do something more clever
November 25, 2021 - Home for Thanksgiving. Migrated to new Macbook Pro. Github Copilot is crazy
November 1, 2021 - Made link highlighting have transitions
Sept 26, 2021 - Changed font site-wide to Akinson Hyperlegible for accessibility. Also added the blurb about PhD programs in my bio
August 28 2021 - Added mathjax, now can do $$ LaTeX but not anything else. So mandatory newline
August 10 2021 - Changed font spacing of headers away from 1px. More legible.
May 14 2021 - Addition of CSS transitions for the project images on main page, creation of sitelog. Even made the project images load for IE people -.- Such a backwards web browser, debugging is terrible I had to upload the whole site like 6 times.